==== Health Check ==== 

The following questions are designed to assess the cybersecurity posture of your computer.  Let’s answer the questions to check whether your computer is secured.
<br><br>
1. 	What is the software update setting on your personal computer?
:a. 	My personal computer is out of support, there is no software update.
:b. 	I check and install software updates and security patches manually.
:c. 	Notify me about software updates but don't automatically install them.
:d. 	Software updates of the Operating System are automatically downloaded and installed.
:e. 	In addition to the software updates of the Operating System, other software applications are also set to install updates automatically.
<br>
If your answer is:
:a. Out of support software does not have security updates, leaving your computer with a number of severe security weaknesses.  You should consider upgrading your computer to a supported version.
:b. 	There is a high chance that you may miss checking and installing software updates on your computer.  You should consider installing software updates automatically.
:c. 	Installing software updates manually may leave security weaknesses on your computer for a significant timeframe.  You should consider installing software updates automatically.
:d. 	Well done!  You have done a great job in updating your operating system, now it’s time to check the software update setting for other software applications.
:e. 	Awesome!  You have done a great job in updating your computer, keep your good work!
<br>
2. 	How do you manage your passwords for accessing Internet services, such as emails, Internet banking, online shopping, etc.?
:a. 	I use the same password on multiple Internet services and never change it.
:b. 	I follow a pattern (e.g. Tech0001, Tech0002, Tech0003) to create passwords and use them on multiple Internet services.
:c. 	I create unique passwords for accessing Internet services and record them in a text file, sticky notes, etc.
:d. 	I create unique passphrases for accessing Internet services.
:e. 	I use a reputable password manager to create, store and change my passwords regularly.
<br>
If your answer is:
:a. 	Having the same password on multiple Internet services means that a single compromised password will affect all of the services.  You should set unique passwords on Internet services.
:b. 	Using a pattern to create passwords is not a secure way as attackers can guess other passwords from a single compromised password.
:c. 	It’s generally not a good idea to record passwords in a text file or sticky notes as others may be able to read your passwords.  If you really need to drop something down for memorizing your passwords, try writing password hints that only make sense to yourself.
:d. 	Good job!  Passphrases have a good length and make it difficult to break.
:e. 	Well done!  Password managers create random and complex passwords which are strong enough to withstand password breaking.
<br>
3. 	Is there any Antivirus software installed on your personal computer?
:a. 	No, there is no Antivirus software installed on my personal computer
:b. 	Yes, an Antivirus software is installed on my personal computer but I am not sure whether it’s trustworthy.
:c. 	Yes, a reputable Antivirus software is installed on my personal computer.
:d. 	Yes, a reputable Antivirus software is installed on my personal computer and it’s configured to update automatically.
<br>
If your answer is:
:a. 	You should check the availability of Antivirus software for your operating system and consider installing one if it is available.  The most popular operating system needs an Antivirus software to keep it safe from malware attacks.
:b. 	Installing a questionable Antivirus software is as bad as no Antivirus installed.  Some Antivirus are not effective in catching malwares, and some others are developed by hackers and act as a malware.  You should uninstall the questionable Antivirus software and install a reputable one.
:c. 	It’s nice to have a reputable Antivirus software installed.  The next step is to set it to update automatically.
:d. 	Excellent!  The Antivirus software will significantly reduce the risk of malware infection on your computer.
<br>
4. 	How do you configure the Wi-Fi router at your home?
:a. 	I haven’t changed the default password on my home’s Wi-Fi router.
:b. 	The default password has been modified on my home’s Wi-Fi router.
:c. 	The default password has been modified, and firmware updates are installed on my home’s Wi-Fi router regularly.
<br>
If your answer is:
:a. 	Using default password on Wi-Fi router may leave your home network wide open to attackers.  You should change the default password at your earliest.
:b. 	Good work!  Changing the default password is the first step to protect your home network.  Now you can check and update the router’s firmware to the latest version to make it more secure.
:c. 	Excellent!  You have done a great job in protecting your home network.
<br>
5. 	How do you connect your computer to Public Wi-Fi spots?
:a.	I connect my personal computer to Public Wi-Fi spots whenever it’s available.
:b. 	I would not connect my personal computer to Public Wi-Fi spots without using a trustworthy VPN connection.
:c.	I do not connect my personal computer to Public Wi-Fi spots.
<br>
If your answer is:
:a. 	Public Wi-Fi spots are open to everyone, including attackers.  As a result, the network traffic via Public Wi-Fi spots is subject to eavesdropping attacks.  You should consider using a trustworthy VPN solution to protect your network connection while using Public Wi-Fi spots.
:b. 	Awesome!  Your network traffic is well protected by the VPN solution.  You may refer to [https://www.getcybersafe.gc.ca/en/secure-your-connections/public-wi-fi Public Wi-Fi] for other tips on using Public Wi-Fi spots.
:c. 	Nice!  It’s a good practice to avoid connecting Wi-Fi spots that may not be secure.